Docs: adding update guide placeholder. (#16827)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/updating/update-to-43.md

---
category: update-guides
meta-title: Update to version 43.x | CKEditor 5 Documentation
menu-title: Update to v43.x
order: 81
modified_at: 2024-07-31
---

# Update to CKEditor&nbsp;5 v43.x

<info-box>

> 	When updating your CKEditor&nbsp;5 installations, make sure **all the packages are the same version** to avoid errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	When updating your CKEditor&nbsp;5 installations, ensure **all the packages are the same version** to avoid errors.
```

	For custom builds, you may try removing the `package-lock.json` or `yarn.lock` files (if applicable) and reinstalling all packages before rebuilding the editor. For best results, make sure you use the most recent package versions.
</info-box>

## Update to CKEditor&nbsp;5 v43.0.0

_Released on August xx, 2024._

For the entire list of changes introduced in version 43.0.0, see the [release notes for CKEditor&nbsp;5 v43.0.0](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/releases/tag/v43.0.0).

> Listed below are the most important changes that require your attention when upgrading to CKEditor&nbsp;5 v43.0.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are the most important changes that require your attention when upgrading to CKEditor&nbsp;5 v43.0.0.
```
